But the first bit that I'm going to show you is this tool Locust,
which we're going to use to beat up on that Elastic Beanstalk instance
that we created yesterday with our TodoMVC application.
So,
the first bit that you're going to want to note about using Locust is if
you're on a MAC or if you're on an operating system that limits the number of
open files that any process can have at given time,
you are going to need to raise that limit to use Locust because
it does open a file on the file system for every simulated user
that it throws against your system.
On a MAC, the command to do that is ulimit -n 1000,
and that, in the context of this terminal session,
will raise the possible open files to, in this case,
a 1000.
You can raise it up a little bit more from there,
but it has to be more than however many concurrent users
you want to test in your application.
If you haven't installed Locust,
the easiest way to do it is to pip install locust.
I think it might be actually locustio, one of those two.
And it'll be installed using the pip package manager.
And once you have it installed on your system,
you'll have this command called locust to which you will
pass a host that you want to test against,
and it'll run a simulated load against the server that you pass in this command.
But before you do that, you have to create something called a locust file.
And I have a very simple one here that's going to generate
a whole bunch of requests and push a whole bunch of fake
data into our todos database.
So, at the core of this is a Python class called a UserBehavior,
and that class has a set of tasks that it can execute against your website.
So, with each of these Python functions,
they are passed an instance of the Locust object,
and each Locust object has a HTTP client which you can use to send a post
request or a get request to the host of your choosing.
And you can also pass in parameters like,
in this case, I'm generating some fake text to put into the todo items.
So it's another package called faker, which generates some fake data,
some lorem ipsum text that'll insert into a todo list item.
Then we'll set the completed for each of these items to false.
And then the other action we have is a read against our API,
which will, by default, grab the last 1000 todo items from the database.
In our behavior,
we define that for every 1 create operation we want to execute 5 reads.
And you can, in your Python code,
kind of tweak this to be as close to an actual usage scenario
for a user of your site as you possibly can.
Question?
Do they have any safeguards in the tool to prevent you
from doing nefarious things with this?
It seems like you could --- Like denial of service.
Right.
Not in the tool.
No,
I mean I think most applications probably will blacklist an IP eventually
like if it seems to be involved in some evil doing.
But generally, that's like --- yeah, I guess it's not Locust's problem.
It's more of an our problem as application developers.
But that's its job.
It's job is to simulate high amounts of load against an application.
So, here we have in the WebsiteUser class,
we set our set of tasks to be some kind of user behavior,
and then we specify a min and a max wait time,
which will, in milliseconds,
determine like a lower bound and an upper bound between requests
from this simulated user in the application.
And there's a ton more that you can do.
You can send login requests.
You can --- excuse me, let me shut these down here.
You can send login requests so you can get authentication
cookies back and execute authenticated requests.
There are lots of different ways you can configure this simulated session.
So, once we have our Locust file generated,
we're going to use the Locast command to target this todomvc-plusplus
instance running on elasticbeanstalk in the us-west-2 region.
So, when we start that up,
that's going to start a local web server that I can open
up here in my browser on port 8089.
And it's going to ask us for two things.
It's going to be the number of users to simulate and the hatch rate,
which is how often users are added to the list of users that
are going to be spamming our application.
So for starters,
maybe we'll start with something relatively small for 100
users hatching at a rate of 10 per second.
We're going to launch that load at our website and see how we're doing.
So, as we are executing the test and we can execute it for as long as we like,
we see the number of requests going into our get and our post endpoints.
It starts to mount slowly over time.
And with 100 users on prior tests, I think it tops out at around,
with these settings, it'll be like around 20,
25 requests per second.
And, we can see the min and the max time for a response,
and that time is in milliseconds.
And then we can look at the average and the median
response times from the server as well.
So for a load like this one,
our server is usually able to respond in a reasonable amount of time.
The post //todos is where you create a new one is quite a bit faster,
returning in an average of about 127 milliseconds,
but that read, because I have been spamming this quite a bit,
there are quite a few records in the database,
it's a little bit slower at about 400 milliseconds on average.
And it's creeping up a little bit already as we're starting to tax
our Elastic Beanstalk instances a little bit more.
But, our instances do stay up.
We haven't seen any failures or 500s yet, so that is a good thing.
Now to see what's kind of happening on the other end of this,
let's go into the Elastic Beanstalk administrative interface.
If we look at the health section here,
we can take a look at what's actually going on with the EC2
instances that are serving this traffic.
So right now with our scaling roles as they are,
we only have a single instance which is serving all of this traffic.
And it's CPU utilization is hovering at right around 50%.
So, at the moment,
this single instance is not having too much trouble keeping up with the load,
although our average response times do keep creeping up so that's
probably something that we could investigate.
If we turn up the heat a little bit,
then we can start to see like where our application is going to break down.
So I'll stop this test, and I'll create a new one.
And this time,
we'll simulate 900 concurrent users maybe hatching
at a rate of about 25 per second,
which is going to really start taxing our poor little T2 micro
instance running on Elastic Beanstalk right now.
So we can already see the average response times going way up as
our single instance struggles to keep up with what is a pretty
heavy load for its current configuration.
And if we go back over here to our health check,
we can see, yeah, it's already starting to blow up a little bit.
Our CPU usage has creeped up to about 92%,
so it's starting to be taxed a little more.
But what we should see in a minute or so is Elastic Beanstalk
reacting to this situation and our auto-scaling group is
actually going to provision another instance of our application
to start serving this traffic.
It does take a minute, but we can configure those preferences.
I've actually been messing around with this a little bit and this is
something that you can do as you're load testing your application to
see like what kind of scaling criteria you can bring to bear to
ensure a consistent response time.
So, if I look at the scaling configuration,
I can take a look at like my auto scaling options.
I fiddled with these a little bit from the default.
The default was having a minimum of one instance available and a maximum of 4.
I tuned up the maximum instances to 6.
And I also tuned down this scaling cooldown.
Sixty seconds is going to be far too short,
but I wanted to make sure we saw some more instances
getting provisioned during the test here.
So this is basically the delay time.
So after some condition is reached where it's decided that
another instance needs to be provisioned,
this is the cooldown in seconds that Amazon will for sure wait until it
provisions another instance to start serving traffic.
And the scaling triggers,
these you'll want to tune based on what you're able to
discover about your application.
In the default settings,
I look at the amount of data that you're pushing out over the network,
but there are other bits here as well.
The one that we might take a look at using instead for this
application is maybe CPUUtilization where we could take a
look at the upper threshold, which would be maybe 90.
We can change the unit of measurement to percentage.
So if the CPU threshold reaches 90 or 80%,
that's when we'd actually start looking at spinning up another instance,
and then we can also set the lower threshold for when
it's time to rotate an instance out.
So I'll cancel that for now, head back to the dashboard,
and what we should see is our environment is okay,
but as more instances are being available,
Locust is going to continue to suck up the ability to pepper them with requests.
And we can see their average response time is now up
to about 17 seconds on average, which is not awesome.
But, to help spread the load a little bit,
we do have another instance that was just brought online 2 minutes ago.
And it looks like it hasn't started serving very much traffic yet.
It must have been provisioned recently,
but now it is up to 92% utilization as well.
So, we're going to probably, at this level of load,
max out each of these tiny little servers pretty quick.
But, the good news is we're not falling over.
Well, it looks like we have had some failures,
quite a few actually at this level.
At the lower levels I was testing, I wasn't actually seeing any failures.
But that's what you want to start to check and see like at what level
your application is going to start to break down.
And what we can look at when we have the failures over
here is the error that we're getting from the HTTP client
which is running the request.
Here we can see we have a 504 error against our Elastic Beanstalk instance,
which is probably related to just not having the --- the timeouts are
happening because we just lack the capacity to service the number of
requests that are coming up against the service.
So, based on our criteria,
we'll probably continue to provision instances up until 6.
But the primary thing I wanted to show here was the ability to use this
tool to at least understand how much traffic your website can take
before it is completely brought to its knees.
So,
a site like --- there are a few like random
statistics out there that you can find,
like an open street map serves about 10-20 requests per second.
There are a lot of sites which serve actually quite a bit
more across many thousands of servers.
But based on your site's traffic,
you can ensure that at certain levels of concurrent users
you're going to remain available at that level.
So that is Locust.
We'll let my poor Elastic Beanstalk instance relax a little bit.
But after a test like this, we see that with the size of the instances we have,
we definitely become CPU bound really fast at those high levels of traffic.
So that is Locust.
It's, again,
my favorite tool that I've found for doing this kind of load testing stuff. Definitely recommend that you check it out.